gh-390: release 2024.2 (#426)
glass-dev/glass: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Releases

To release a new version of _GLASS_, there should be a commit that includes the
following changes:

> - The commits since the last release are added to the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

Reviewer: I know commits is correct, but might be worth being more specific?
```suggestion
- The sqaushed pull requests since the last release are added to the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md)
```
